feat(core): add `dataProviderName` to `liveProvider.subscribe` method (#5050)
refinedev/refine: .changeset/fluffy-beers-drive.md

---
"@refinedev/core": patch
---

> feat: pass `dataPorviderName` to `liveProvider.subscription` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: pass `dataProviderName` to `liveProvider.subscribe` method.
```

> From now on, you can use the `dataProviderName` to distinguish between different data providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From now on, you can use `dataProviderName` to distinguish between different data providers in live provider.
```
